as a PC user you are probably all too
familiar with some of the most common PC
disasters it's times like these when a
million thoughts raced through our heads
in essence we simply wish that we could
just go back in time and reverse all the
changes made to the PC thankfully with
rollback rx you can
virus and spyware infections have now
become daily threads sure anti-virus
software is great for detecting
malicious files but can you really be
certain that it cleans your PC
completely will your PC be as good as it
was before the infection even
downloading software from the Internet
can be a very risky proposition
sometimes the software doesn't meet your
expectations or worse it may cause your
PC to crash making it unusable and yes
you could uninstall any software using
add/remove programs but you never know
for certain if everything is completely
removed occasionally even some microsoft
critical updates may cause one of your
other applications to not function
correctly
how can you easily back out from an
incompatible update
introducing rollback RX the best way to
instantly undo any pc problems by
restoring your pc to an earlier state
rollback Rx is so powerful that it's
actually four solutions in one it can be
used to completely restore windows
continuously backup your data
cleanly uninstall software and recover
from any PC disaster all-in-one let's
take a quick look at how rollback RX can
be used to completely uninstall any
software let's say for example that you
install the game on your PC
unfortunately that new game has now
caused your PC to constantly display
dreaded error messages when attempting
to use your office applications to
completely remove the game with rollback
RX you simply choose the snapshot prior
to the game's installation and after a
quick restart your PC returns to how it
was before the game was installed no
need to use add remove programs to
uninstall the game and hope for the best
with rollback rx your PC will be exactly
as it was before you installed the game
the core of rollbacks technology lies in
its ability to take virtually unlimited
snapshots each snapshot represents an
exact system speed as per when the
snapshot was taken each snapshot takes
only seconds to complete and uses very
little disk space so you're free to take
as many snapshots as you wish
taking a snapshot with rollback Rx is
quick and easy
you can set rollback Rx to automatically
take snapshots of your entire PC at any
time every hour day week whenever
additionally you can even schedule
snapshots to be taken each time you
restart your PC or whenever you launch a
particular application
these scheduled snapshots are taken
invisibly in the background and do not
affect system performance you can also
take snapshots manually at any time that
you wish
in addition to taking virtually
unlimited snapshots roll back rx enables
users to roll back to any snapshot
unlike Windows System Restore which can
only restore Windows system files in
some Program Files roll back rx restores
Program Files system files data
everything right down to the last byte
from the roll back rx console you can
view all the snapshots that are
available you can then select any
snapshot that you would like to go back
to it's entirely up to you and how long
ago you installed rollback rx if you
find that you don't need to go back as
far as you thought you can also roll
forward in time as well
in addition to rolling back to any
snapshot roll back our ex can also
recover files from different snapshots
this feature enables users to roll back
to a previous snapshot without losing
any important files so let's say you had
to go back a few days to properly
restore your system then find out later
that you really need an important
document that you just created with
rollback rx you can simply search or
browse for the file choose the correct
snapshot and search for the file on a
virtual drive and import it to your
current snapshot
some of the world's most aggressive
malware can find ways to completely
destroy your Windows operating system
making your PC unusable with rollback RX
as your first layer of defense you are
protected from such disasters and unlike
other solutions rollback RX is fully
functional
even if Windows can't boot up enabling
you to quickly restore your PC without
losing any of your important files for
example let's say you experienced the
infamous blue screen of death and your
PC is completely unusable in this
situation you would simply restart the
PC and then press the HOME key to access
the rollback rx mini operating system
known as the sub console this mini
operating system boots prior to Windows
protecting your PC even when Windows
can't boot up from the rollback our X
sub console you can perform many
rollback rx tasks in this example we
will first take a snapshot of the crash
system so that you can recover any
important files that you may have
created prior to the crash then you
would select an earlier snapshot to
rollback - and instantly your PC will
boot up exactly as it was when the
chosen snapshot was taken you can then
use the recover files feature to import
your important files from your crashed
system over to your current snapshot
it's that quick and easy to recover from
any PC disaster
if you are an administrator of networked
pcs you can manage these pcs remotely
using our rollback rx RMC solution the
rollback rx RMC solution consists of a
server component and an administration
console the complete RMC solution is a
cost free module that can be used to
remotely manage rollback RX client pcs
over a LAN or the internet making
rollback RX the ideal solution for
organizations with many pcs throughout
their enterprise
roll back RX is a robust PC restore
utility that enables PC users and IT
administrators to instantly restore PCs
to an earlier state saving time money
and PC troubles it's no wonder that
leading corporations banks government
and educational institutions rely on
rollback RX to protect their
workstations from user errors in common
PC disasters rollback RX is your pcs
best line of defense so download a fully
functional trial today to see for
yourself how rollback RX can turn your
PC into an instant time machine and
rescue you from any PC disaster